You are required to select a dataset of your choice.

Phase-1

make a report of a maximum of 3 pages.
The report must contain:
1. Brief description of the dataset and what your project (users, tasks) is about.
2. Who all are the users for your visualization and what questions get answered with this visualization? Choose 3 questions and each team member is responsible for one question each.
3. Why is data visualisation required for this work? - can these questions be answered without data visualisation.

Please ensure your report is concise and adheres to the given requirements.
In phase II you will implement first cut visualisations of the most complex part of your visualisation. In phase III you will do the complete visualisation. For phase II and phase III you will provide a link to YouTube demo of your visualisation for evaluation. 

Submission Guidelines:
Submission Format: <TeamNo_P2_Phase1.pdf>
Submit a single pdf of not more than 3 pages.

phase-2

The goal of this phase is to ensure you have tackled the most technically challenging components of your proposal before moving into the final stage. You need to have the most difficult or complicated aspects of your visualisation implemented.

Deliverables:

Please submit the following:

    The Visuals: A document containing the actual visuals of the complex aspects you have built so far.

    Report: A document describing these visuals. This must also include a section detailing any challenges you are currently facing or have faced during implementation.

    Codebase: The code used to generate the current visuals.
